we're at the msi booth at CES 2020 and
the first question that I had is where's
be 550 and we'll talk about that later
today but also there's X 570 board will
be covering they've got two updates on
cases that we saw around Computex of
last year when they were pre-production
they're starting to come out now they've
been actually some improvements to this
one but it's motherboard GP
manufacturers making cases always kind
of difficult territory to tread so we
talking about that as well there's a
liquid cooler that's it's a liquid
cooler not super exciting but the I just
ti5 looks really interesting
the pricing though there's another point
to pain to talk about so anyway we've
got a lot to discuss with Atmos I booth
for CES 2020 before that this video is
brought to you by Linode cloud computing
we've trusted Linode as our web host
since 2012 and recommend it for
excellent technical and customer support
reliable uptime and clean interface
aside from cloud hosting lynda.com
recently added GPU hosting plans for
machine learning and neural net use
built with our TX 6000 GPUs and 10
gigabit per second network speeds
they're also starting to deploy epic
CPUs in their servers sign up for Linode
comm cloud computing with code G at
nexus 20 for a $20 credit or click the
link in the description below to visit
linda.com slash gamers Nexus let's just
skip the motherboard stuff out of the
way first there's a new tomahawk Wi-Fi
at x5 70 the tomahawk series has
actually made a pretty good name for
itself so be 450 for example tomahawk is
one of the most popular boards on the
market period for and the horizon right
now and it's a good board so it's earned
it
so there's an X 570 variant coming out
it is going these 60 amp hour stages I
don't have exact specs on every V arm
component I did try to get them but we
know that there's an inner cell six nine
two four seven in there and otherwise
there's 60 amp hour stages and I suppose
release in May two hundred bucks
it is a Wi-Fi tomahawk variant of X 570
so it's a bit in the the kind of mid
tier mid-range tier pricing these days
based on modern pricing anyway so board
looks interesting we haven't tested it
obviously but the next question I had
though was okay well but the B 450
tomahawks are popular
what am I gonna get a B 550 and the
answer is not yet I've asked a couple of
different motherboard partners at the
show here the same question about B 515
we've been asking about it for probably
about a year now give you the the
timeline the original answer to be 550
when was quarter three or four of 2019
and that turned it that was about a year
ago from now that turned into quarter 1
of 2020 and now speaking with multiple
unnamed motherboard manufacturers that
has turned into quarter 3 of 2020 so I
don't know exactly when it's gonna
arrive it keeps moving I can't really
commit to anything but quarter 3 is what
I've been told most recently it's
supposed to be a response to Intel's
upcoming stuff for the well but the 10
series desktop part the non attt parts
so I think if you think of it
strategically and these probably they're
in a position now where much like Nvidia
is where they're they're holding their
own without needing to constantly
release stuff so I almost wonder if
Andy's playing the game of you know
we've we've released pretty well we're
doing fine with B for 15 X 570 we're
moving a hell of a lot more than Intel
so let's just hold back B 550 until
Intel has something to counter so that's
I think that's the game he's playing
right now or to get getting into some of
the mind games with their products now
they're in a more privileged position
than they were previously so that's the
news from P 550 and X 574 m asylees for
the tomahawk for other products here so
I guess we can do the cases this stuff's
fairly straightforward this is the the
better of the two the the other one I
can't really say that I couldn't use
that word to describe it but this one is
a secure of 500 P there's a 500 X as
well they're pretty similar from what I
understand other than RGB differences
for the fans it does have a large I
don't know maybe inch and a half almost
two inch mesh panel on the or side panel
side skirt basically on the top and the
front there's no front ventilation
clearly but there's enough space here
where it could be made to work the
criticism I had an MS is has taken note
of this and passed along to the PM so I
hope maybe there's improvement
but the criticism I had was that the
fans are out side of the chassis
rather than recessed inside of the
chassis so when you do that it's just
like the H 500 P original you're pushing
the fans past the chassis wall and that
reduces the amount of effective that
mesh spacing you have on the side so now
instead of having this fall almost
whatever 2 inches of spacing the intake
it gets cut down because the fans
sticking out protruding through it so
you go down to maybe 30% instead of a
hundred percent and there's fixes for
that it's question whether they do them
I will say that since I saw this
originally originally saw this I don't
know if was a year a year and a half ago
when it was super prototype there have
been improvements from that one so I it
sounds like a Masai is being receptive
more so than Asus was with their cases
where Asus just locked down originally
and they were like well we races were
the best we know we're doing which
wasn't actually true there so it sounds
like they're listening
but yes sukira 500p the existing on the
500x is 250 bucks they don't have a firm
price on this specific model yet comes
with for 120 fans vertical GPU mount
that you shouldn't use and I think that
covers that one the next one there's a
creator 400 m over here and this one's
pretty quick to discuss so it follows
the creator series naming but in terms
of case paneling I mean I would rather
just have this without the door I think
honestly get rid of the door amasai it
doesn't do anything so the the canvas
here is not a sufficient noise block
you'll get more noise reduction by
leaving that open and lowering the fan
rpm anyway so plastic cover for what's
supposed to be a dust filter there's way
too much plastic on this it really needs
to be cut down a lot so that there's
more air for it to breathe then there's
space for fans here I think it comes
with I want to say it's 2-1 40s front
they weren't a hundred percent clear on
this but it sounds like to 140 front one
one forty rear is most likely to
configuration and there's some side
venting here which actually you would
come in so it would get used but again
you're probably 70 but if we calculated
the surface area and subtracted the
holes it's probably 70% plastic
needs a lot of improvement open this up
and then you get some more weird stuff
so the I keep getting shocked everywhere
because it's carpet in this room the fan
mounts on the top of the power supply
shroud there's holes drilled four screws
obviously go through for the fans
maybe our holes punched for ventilation
but the ventilation doesn't proceed all
the way to where the screw hole is so
it's gonna end up cutting off like
between that side and the other side
10-15 percent of the service area where
the fan can pull Aaron and also that's
okay because there's nowhere for the air
to come in to begin with it's I mean
there's a hole in the bottom yes but the
distance from here to here you're gonna
need like a Delta fans get past that
spacing and then you're also going
through cables maybe part of a power
supply and hard drive cages with
potentially hard drives in them so this
stuff actually is going to do almost
literally nothing just by looking at it
so that needs improvement too but this
is definitely the cheaper of the cases
there's no price yet on it it's mostly
plastic I think the good news is that
with the this also doesn't close
properly that's a prototype the good
news is that with a Sakura I saw
improvement from when we first saw it so
I hope we're gonna see improvement with
this because somebody one of these
motherboard makers is going to make a
properly good case at some point
eventually ACS can't seem to figure it
out maybe MSI can do it gigabyte sure as
hell doesn't know what they're doing
with their making cases so MSI I think
has been listening enough to maybe get
something done with cases the Sakura is
looking the most promising for sure it's
kind of got that Lian Li like high-end
look to it so we'll see where it goes
but that covers the cases for the four
am aside tomahawk again looks good I
guess we could talk laptops briefly
those are interesting right now with the
4000 series of rise in CPUs on mobile so
for laptops they've got an alpha 15
Bravo 15
they're both 15 inch models the Bravo 15
especially about $1,000 model from one
we saw at the show floor
it is a 4800 H in there 16 gigabytes of
memory 5500 M mobile radeon GPU was
pretty interesting we haven't seen the
mobile GPUs yet as I'll show other than
that the price almost sounds maybe too
good so I'm not sure on that but that is
I was told 1080p 144 Hertz IPS precinct
for the display and I don't have a firm
T V D or a rival date on that I guess I
the arrival date is TBD for the liquid
coins stuff we've got footage of that
too so mag core liquid 360 are its MSI
doing what everyone else is doing and
making a liquid cooler
it looks like a deep pool pump in there
where the pump is in the rad so it's
sort of where the it's where the fin
block is in the radiator rather than in
the CV block because then you have
patent issues with ASA tech and I
there's nothing they can really do about
that
so MSI is too big of a target a stack
would come out for them so the pump is
instead in the radiator and then for the
I think I might have a firm supplier on
that but I'm gonna wait till I can
confirm with the pool if it's if it's
the company I think they're the sources
I think it's maybe mmm MIT boobless but
I'm not sure so $150 for the 360 are
supposed to be 4,000 rpm for the pump
speed
I'm sure it's variable and then fans are
500 2000 rpm it's looking like quarter
to launch its liquid cooler MSI didn't
seem super excited about it so I guess I
don't need to be either the I just
though is really interesting so ti5
we've got a good amount of footage up as
well we can drop in here but it is meant
to be a looker it's got kind of that
Cylon look to it or something not really
quite sure it's definitely telling to go
with Cylon on that but very limited
ventilation really interesting exterior
design there's a knob on the front
that's got a screen in it and it can
feedback your CB temperature frequency
GP frequency GP temperature are the
options for the the display on the front
center right now they're looking at
adding a custom option later kind of
like the motherboards and then the dial
itself you turn it will adjust the LED
mood then you'd change the LED color and
software I guess other features that are
interesting there's a 5g Wi-Fi card
where you can insert a SIM card so I did
kind of like that you buy one of those
separately anyway but you get a you
throw a sim card in there and get
obviously pay for a plan and then you
get internet I makes more sense for
something like a laptop so I'm not
really sure what the exact use I'm we're
kind of looking at it off camera and I
don't
I don't really see myself dragging that
around writing a SIM card but it's an
interesting feature pricing is kind of
rough and completely TVD so I think
based on the reaction for the pricey
numbers it sounds like that might still
change because the range I was gone was
four to five thousand dollars starting
four grand for the TI five and that
model 9900 k-y ice so that was the
pricing on it 2080 TI for the GPU which
still doesn't justify that and then
sixty four gigabytes on memory 29:33 but
the TVD on if they end up doing an XMP
option or something instead quarter
three until only at the moment I'd love
to see a in the in it because there's
super relevant right now but its Intel
only presently and otherwise it's it's
an enclosure that genuinely looks really
cool and I hope hey I hope i'ma so I can
figure out how to pull off the pricing
it matters more than the ventilation at
this point because if no one's gonna buy
the mat elation doesn't matter so
ventilation looks like it might be
workable GB is a bit soft K the rest is
fine pricing though that case is not
worth two grand and it looks cool not
that cool anyway that's that maasai
suite for CES 2020 thanks for watching
subscribe for more go to
patreon.com/scishow his axis or a stored
at cameras exit on that top side
directly and I'll see you all next time
[Music]